chore: Add a CLAUDE.md file with instructions for Claude Code (#17868)
n8n-io/n8n: CLAUDE.md

# CLAUDE.md

This file provides guidance to Claude Code (claude.ai/code) when working with
code in the n8n repository.

## Project Overview

n8n is a workflow automation platform written in TypeScript, using a monorepo
structure managed by pnpm workspaces. It consists of a Node.js backend, Vue.js
frontend, and extensible node-based workflow engine.

## General Guidelines

- Always use pnpm
- We use Linear as a ticket tracking system
- We use Posthog for feature flags
- When starting to work on a new ticket – create a new branch from fresh
  master with the name specified in Linear ticket
- When creating a new branch for a ticket in Linear - use the branch name
  suggested by linear
- Use mermaid diagrams in MD files when you need to visualise something

## Essential Commands

### Building
- `pnpm build` - Build all packages

> - `pnpm build:backend` - Build backend only

Reviewer: These don't exist anymore, just build and we let turbo do the incremental work.

- `pnpm build:frontend` - Build frontend only

ALWAYS redirect the output of the build command to a file:
```bash
pnpm build > build.log 2>&1
```

You can inspect the last few lines of the build log file to check for errors:
```bash
tail -n 20 build.log
```

### Testing
- `pnpm test` - Run all tests
- `pnpm test:backend` - Backend tests only
- `pnpm test:frontend` - Frontend tests only
- `pnpm dev:e2e` - E2E tests in development mode

Running a particular test file requires going to the directory of that test
and running: `pnpm test <test-file>`.

When changing directories, use `pushd` to navigate into the directory and
`popd` to return to the previous directory. When in doubt, use `pwd` to check
your current directory.

### Code Quality

> - `pnpm lint` - Lint code

Reviewer: Lint/type check have a dependency on building first, so we should instruct it to do that first.

- `pnpm typecheck` - Run type checks

> Always run lint and typecheck before committing code to ensure quality. Don't
> run it on the entire repository unless necessary, as it can be slow, and don't
> run it every time you save a file, as it can be disruptive. However, sometimes
> you need to build the system before running linting and typechecking.
> 

Reviewer 2: [Tell Claude what to do instead of what not to do](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-engineering/claude-4-best-practices#control-the-format-of-responses)
```suggestion
Always run lint and typecheck before committing code to ensure quality. Execute
these commands from within the specific package directory you're working on (e.g., 
cd packages/cli && pnpm lint). Run the full repository check only when preparing 
the final PR. When your changes affect type definitions, interfaces in @n8n/api-types, 
or cross-package dependencies, build the system before running lint and typecheck.
```
